Orad/joss update 1 (#231)
CliMA/EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl: docs/src/index.md

# EnsembleKalmanProcesses

> `EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl` (EKP) is a library of derivative-free Bayesian optimization techniques based on Ensemble Kalman Filters, a well known family of approximate filters used for data assimilation.The tools of this library can fit parameters found in expensive black-box computer codes without needing adjoints or  derivatives; they can calibrate non-deterministic models, and with noisy data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`EnsembleKalmanProcesses.jl` (EKP) is a library of derivative-free Bayesian optimization techniques based on ensemble Kalman Filters, a well known family of approximate filters used for data assimilation. The tools in this library enable fitting parameters found in expensive black-box computer codes without the need for adjoints or derivatives. This property makes them particularly useful when calibrating non-deterministic models, or when the training data are noisy.
```
